what a save you longed for
that you see me as I am he's asked for
your Mary you need to make many songs
and you could decide decide
I kept Mary a friend I'm not made for
that life then what are you made for
who is that
regards Jesus of Nazareth is amongst you
you must be born anew like children you
lost them and lost here will you join us
though they judge you persecute you you
must forgive them
only change as we change it is up to us
we want the people to rally to rise up
that is where it begins
he spoke of peace why shouldn't she
follow him
she will divide our community do you
love my son don't you
then you must prepare yourself hard to
lose him
kingdom can be built through conflict
it's here within us
[Music]
this life slipping away you're here now
here isn't it
the world will only change as we change
I will not be silent
[Music]